Hello and welcome in this note section about do.
There is another important future of the team where Vistaprint 6.5 is due DNS.
So what is DNS.
Before we start you should know that we have to clean up the various standard DNS like what we see in
the ocean and do stars dress like stars.
And of course the dearest is have a big relation with the motion.
So what you do.
Dearest sought the dearest meaning distributed resouce scheduler.
That's me.
It's how and the relation about the resource of the hardware of it a bit in you that doesn't so its
function is simply balance and restores ization across cluster nodes.
That's me in the house.
That's me.
The DNS will balance the research digitisation Haeckel's different hosts.
But before we have the ability to dress we have something Galut cluster.
So the cluster it is fairly important.
Before we start using as and the is.
So our view centers that we need to create the cluster before we'll be able to use the DNS and all the
upcoming future only the revolution can work without the cluster but from the DNS and from the other
upcoming future you need to have a cluster.
So the cluster is our requirement.
Option 2 is the other upcoming future of VM where.
So what is the class cluster is like a container that will content the different host of your data center.
For example you have thousands of hosts in your data center you separated those hosts in a different
cluster like a different continent.
For example 10 server for 10 Haast for for example a specific service and not a 20 and 7 for a single
service in your company and another dirty host for another service etc..
So the cluster created to help you to separate the two different service and apply different rules for
those costs.
Its like you surprised the host inside a folder for his home folder a Folder B and folder C and apply
some specific rules for any of those file.
So this is an important step to go Drog the dearest.
So there is simply its balance the resource ization across Hulst or across cluster nodes.
So next we'll see the difference.
Dearest dearest we have in a VM where this very small fine soon to next be.